To be merged for 2.8.0: MTV-2238: Add NAD annotation to transfer network procedure (#661)
kubev2v/forklift-documentation: documentation/modules/selecting-migration-network-for-virt-provider.adoc

You can select a default migration network for {a-virt} provider in the {ocp} web console to improve performance. The default migration network is used to transfer disks to the namespaces in which it is configured.

> After you select a transfer network, associate its network attachment definition (NAD) with the gateway to be used by this network. Do this by adding `forklift.konveyor.io/route` to the `metadata:annotations` section of the YAML of the NAD. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After you select a transfer network, associate its network attachment definition (NAD) with the gateway to be used by this network. 
```
IMO, you can skip this part in abstract because it is already added as a step in the procedure.

> After you select a transfer network, you must associate its network attachment definition (NAD) with the gateway to be used by this network. Do this by adding `forklift.konveyor.io/route` to the `metadata:annotations` section of the YAML of the NAD. 

Reviewer 2: I'd leave out "you must".

Reviewer 3: +1. I'd also suggest to rephrase the second sentence a bit by replacing "Do this by adding"  with "You can do it by adding". And I'd also define `forklift.konveyor.io/route` (parameter?? something else?)

> After you select a transfer network, you must associate its network attachment definition (NAD) with the gateway to be used by this network. You do this by adding `forklift.konveyor.io/route` to the `metadata:annotations` section of the YAML of the NAD. 

Reviewer 2: Very minor...    Maybe "Do this by adding".

. Click the *Networks* tab.
. Click *Set default transfer network*.
. Select a default transfer network from the list and click *Save*.

> . Configure a gateway in the network used for {project-short} migrations by executing the following steps:

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
. Configure a gateway in the network used for {project-short} migrations by completing the following steps:
```

.. In the {ocp} web console, click *Networking* > *NetworkAttachmentDefinitions*.

> .. Select the appropriate NAD.

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
. Select the appropriate selected default transfer network NAD.
```

Author: @sgratch I added "default transfer network," but we don't need "selected" after "appropriate".  
Lines 31-34 and line 47 are sub-steps of line 30, so I left the hierarchy alone.

.. Click the *YAML* tab.

> .. Add `forklift.konveyor.io/route` to the metadata:annotations section of the YAML, as in the example:

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
.. Add `forklift.konveyor.io/route` to the metadata:annotations section of the YAML, as in the following example:
```

+
[source,yaml,subs="attributes+"]
----
apiVersion: k8s.cni.cncf.io/v1
kind: NetworkAttachmentDefinition
metadata:
  name: localnet-network
  namespace: mtv-test
  annotations:

>     forklift.konveyor.io/route: <IP address> <1>

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
    forklift.konveyor.io/route: <IP address> # <1>
```

----

> <1> The `NetworkAttachmentDefinition` parameter is needed to configure an IP address for the interface, either via the Dynamic Host Configuration Protocol (DHCP) or statically. Configuring the IP address enables the interface to reach the configured gateway. Example IP address: 192.168.50.1.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
<1> The `NetworkAttachmentDefinition` parameter is needed to configure an IP address for the interface, either from the Dynamic Host Configuration Protocol (DHCP) or statically. Configuring the IP address enables the interface to reach the configured gateway. 
```

. Click the *Networks* tab.
. Click *Set default transfer network*.
. Select a default transfer network from the list and click *Save*.

> . To configure a gateway in the network used for {project-short} migrations, do the following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Configure a gateway in the network used for {project-short} migrations by executing the following steps:
```
Start a step with verb. To avoid fluff , keep it simple - "Configure a gateway in the network used for {project-short} migrations:"

> . Configure a gateway in the network used for {project-short} migrations by doing the following:

Reviewer 2: Just my preference, and please follow our standards, I might end after "migrations" since steps follow.

> . Configure a gateway in the network used for {project-short} migrations by doing the following:

Author: Thanks, changed it to something different.

.. In the {ocp} web console, click *Networking* > *NetworkAttachmentDefinitions*.
.. Select the appropriate NAD.
.. Click the *YAML* tab.

> .. Add `forklift.konveyor.io/route` to the metadata:annotations section of the YAML, as shown in the example:

Reviewer 2: "in the example" or "in this example"

+
[source,yaml,subs="attributes+"]
----
Example
apiVersion: k8s.cni.cncf.io/v1
kind: NetworkAttachmentDefinition
metadata:
  name: localnet-network
  namespace: mtv-test
  annotations:
    forklift.konveyor.io/route: <IP address> <1>
----

> <1> The `NetworkAttachmentDefinition`` must configure an IP address for the interface, either via the Dynamic Host Configuration Protocol (DHCP) or statically. Configuring the IP address allows the interface to reach the configured gateway. Example IP address: 192.168.50.1.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<1> The `NetworkAttachmentDefinition` must configure an IP address for the interface, either via the Dynamic Host Configuration Protocol (DHCP) or statically. Configuring the IP address allows the interface to reach the configured gateway. Example IP address: 192.168.50.1.
```

Reviewer: add missing parameter/field for NetworkAttachmentDefinition.
Also, avoid using allow. As per IBM SSG - Avoid stating that inanimate objects grant abilities to people, as in "the product allows you to...". Whenever possible, use a
direct, user-focused alternative such as "you can use the product to..." or "with this product, users can..."

Author: Actually, the parameter enables one inanimate object to communicate with another inanimate object, but you;re right -- the word "allows" should generally be avoided.

> <1> The `NetworkAttachmentDefinition`` must configure an IP address on the interface, either via the Dynamic Host Configuration Protocol (DHCP) or statically. Configuring the IP address is required to allow the interface to reach the configured gateway. Example IP address: 192.168.50.1.

Reviewer 2: "via" ok re standards? "on the interface" or "for the interface"?   "Configuring..." - passive sentence.
